.ad l
.nh
.hlm 0
.TH avg 1 "13 January 2005" "avg"
.SH NAME
avg \- player for avg media presentations.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B avg 
.I scriptfile.js
.B [--includepath=/usr/local/share/avg]
.B [--modulepath=/usr/local/lib/avg]
.B [--scr:subsys=DFB|OGL]
.B [--scr:bpp=16|24]
.B [--scr:fullscreen=true|false]
.B [--scr:windowwidth=n]
.B [--scr:windowheight=n]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B avg
plays back an 
.B avg 
media presentation.
.B avg 
presentations consist of two parts -
a file in avg format that describes a static media configuration, and a 
javascript file that contains information about the dynamics of the 
presentation. The javascript file is given by the first parameter. This file
needs to contain commands to load and play an avg file. System configuration 
is determined by first reading the configuration files 
.I /etc/avgrc 
and 
.I ~/avgrc
and then applying the command-line options.
.SH EXAMPLES
To play back the presentation
.I trailer.js 
using the system defaults, use:

.nf
.B  avg trailer.js
.fi
  
To play back the presentation 
.I core_control.js
in fullscreen, using avg's OpenGL display engine, use:

.nf
.B  avg core_control.js --scr:subsys=OGL --scr:fullscreen=true
.fi

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --includepath=...
Set the path used to find javascript include files. This path is also 
used to find avg.dtd.
.TP
.B --modulepath=...
Set the path used to find avg modules. 
.TP
.B --scr:subsys=DFB|OGL
Set the display engine to use. 
.I DFB
selects the DirectFB display engine, and 
.I OGL
selects the OpenGL display engine.
.TP
.B --scr:bpp=15|16|24|32
Set the bits per pixel for the back- and frontbuffers. All internal 
calculations are done with 32 bpp - 24 bpp plus 8 bpp transparency -
regardless of this setting.
.TP
.B --scr:fullscreen=true|false
Determine whether playback should happen in fullscreen mode (true) or 
in a window (false). The DirectFB engine uses a slow SDL backend in 
windowed mode - this mode is meant for debugging, not performance.
.TP
.B --scr:windowwidth=n
Set the width of the window used in windowed mode. The presentation contents
are scaled to fit this width. OpenGL only.
.TP
.B --scr:windowheight=n
Set the height of the window used in windowed mode. The presentation contents
are scaled to fit this height. OpenGL only.
.TP
All of these options can be set in the avgrc files as well.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B avgrc
(5)
.SH COPYRIGHT
The avg source code and all documentation are copyright (c)
2003-2005 Ulrich von Zadow (coder@c-base.org).
